[20497] Add related versions table (#652)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/notes/versions.rst

.. _dependencies_compatibilities:

Dependencies and compatibilities
================================

Fast DDS is continuously evolving and improving.
This means that the different software products that are part of the Fast DDS ecosystem are evolving and improving
together with Fast DDS.

> This section provides information about the required dependencies for building Fast DDS, and versions of the eProsima
> software products related to the Fast DDS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides information about the required dependencies for building Fast DDS, as well as about the versions of the eProsima
software products related to the Fast DDS.
```

  encouraged.
  Errors may be present in released product versions for Tier 2 platforms.
  Known errors in Tier 2 platforms will be addressed subject to resource availability on a best effort basis and may or
  may not be corrected prior to new version releases.
  One or more entities should be committed to continuing support of the platform.

* **Tier 3**: these platforms are those for which community reports indicate that the release is functional.
  The development team does not run the unit test suite or perform any other tests on platforms in Tier 3.
  Community members may provide assistance with these platforms.

.. _dependencies_compatibilities_build_system_dependencies:

Build system dependencies
-------------------------

The following table shows the minimum version required of the Fast DDS build system dependencies.

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: 2.13.x

        .. list-table::

            * - **CMake**
              - 3.20

        .. list-table::
            :header-rows: 1

            * - OS \ Architecture
              - amd64
              - amd32
              - arm64
            * - Ubuntu Jammy (22.04)

>               - Tier 1: GCC 11.4 :raw-html:`<br />`

Reviewer 2: I am almost sure we have an alias for the line break

```suggestion
              - Tier 1: GCC 11.4 |br|
```

.. include:: ../03-exports/roles.include

.. _dependencies_compatibilities:

Dependencies and compatibilities
================================

Fast DDS is continuously evolving and improving.
This means that the different software products that are part of the Fast DDS ecosystem are evolving and improving
together with Fast DDS.
This section provides information about the required dependencies for building Fast DDS, as well as about the versions

> of the eProsima software products related to the Fast DDS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the eProsima software products related to Fast DDS.
```

.. _related_versions:

> Related versions

Reviewer 3: Maybe we can call it Related product versions or Related dependency versions, what do you think?

Author: As it applies (and will apply) both dependencies (build time and run time), and other repos compatibility, I think just "Related versions" may suit better. What do you think @EduPonz?

Author: I mean, this title is relevant and should be short because is the one displayed in the left section/menu

================

Fast DDS is continuously evolving and improving.
This means that the different software products that are part of the Fast DDS ecosystem are evolving and improving
together with Fast DDS.
This section provides information about the versions of the eProsima software products related to the Fast DDS.

> Build time dependencies

Reviewer 3: Dependecy versions ?

-----------------------

> The following table shows the the different versions of the Fast DDS software dependencies.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following table shows the corresponding versions of the Fast DDS dependencies.
```
